update read me & add demo launch file (#1)
tud-cor/ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol: README.md

# ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol

>  A demo shows a full integration of roscontrol controllers and coppeliasim simulator. This package contains the required configuration, scene, and launch files to bringup and control ur5 robot in coppeliasim. This demo is a direct application of both the [RosControl][] and the [RosServices][] plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A demo shows a full integration of `ros_control` controllers and CoppeliaSim simulator. This package contains the required configuration, scene, and `.launch` files to bring up and control a UR5 robot in CoppeliaSim. This demo is a direct application of both the [RosControl][] and the [RosServices][] plugins provided by `coppeliasim_ros_control` and `coppeliasim_ros_services`.
```

 
## Dependencies

> - [coppeliasim_ros_control][]: a plugin to integrate ros_control controller into CoppeliaSim simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [coppeliasim_ros_control][]: a plugin to enable use of `ros_control` in the CoppeliaSim simulator
```

> - [coppeliasim_ros_services][]: a plugin contains a collection of ros-services servers to enable a remote-control of the coppeliasim simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [coppeliasim_ros_services][]: this plugin supports a collection of ROS services to enable remote control of the CoppeliaSim simulator
```

> - [coppeliasim_msgs_srvs][]: contains the definitations of the required msgs and srvs that enable ros to communicate with/control the coppeliasim simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [coppeliasim_msgs_srvs][]: contains the required `.msg`s and `.srv`s that enable ROS to communicate with and control the CoppeliaSim simulator
```

> - [coppeliasim_run][]: to run coppeliasim as a ROS node using a system() call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [coppeliasim_run][]: to run CoppeliaSim as a ROS node using a `system(..)` call
```

> - [ur_description][]: contains the description of the ur5 robot   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ur_description][]: contains the description of the UR5 robot   
```

> - [ur_gazebo][]: contains the `arm_controller` which will be used to control the ur5 robot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ur_gazebo][]: contains the `arm_controller` which will be used to control the UR5 robot
```

> - [ur5_moveit_config][]: conatians all launch files required for moveit to control the ur5 robot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ur5_moveit_config][]: contains all `.launch` files required for MoveIt to control a UR5
```

### Building 

> The following instructions assume that a catkin workspace has been created at `$HOME/catkin_ws` and Coppeliasim directory is placed at the Home directory `$HOME/CoppeliaSim`. you always can update the paths based on your machine setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions assume that a Catkin workspace has been created at `$HOME/catkin_ws` and the CoppeliaSim directory is located at `$HOME/CoppeliaSim`. You can always update the paths based on your machine setup.
```

```bash
# change to the src directory in your Catkin workspace
 cd $HOME/catkin_ws/src

> # Clone Coppeliasim_ros_control pkg 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clone coppeliasim_ros_control pkg 
```

 git clone https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol

# Clone all dependencies in same workspace
 git clone https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_ros_control
 git clone https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_ros_services
 git clone https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_msgs_srvs

>  git clone https://github.com/mahmoud-a-ali/coppeliasim_run

Reviewer: Please update these to point to `tud-cor` instead.

 git clone https://github.com/ros-industrial/universal_robot

> # change to the main catkin workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# change to the root of the Catkin workspace
```

 cd ..

# build the workspace (using catkin_tools)
 catkin build

# source the workspace
source devel/setup.bash 
```

### Running

> Copy both the `libsimExtRosControl.so` and the `libsimExtRosServices.so` plugins generated by [coppeliasim_ros_control][], and [coppeliasim_ros_services][] to the coppeliasim directory 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy both the `libsimExtRosControl.so` and the `libsimExtRosServices.so` plugins generated by [coppeliasim_ros_control][], and [coppeliasim_ros_services][] to the CoppeliaSim directory :
```

```
# Copy the generated plugins to CoppeliaSim directory
cp  $HOME/catkin_ws/devel/lib/libsimExtRosControl.so  $HOME/CoppeliaSim/
cp  $HOME/catkin_ws/devel/lib/libsimExtRosServices.so  $HOME/CoppeliaSim/
```

> Launch the demo using the `ur5_demo.launch` launch file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launch the demo using the `ur5_demo.launch` launch file:
```

```
 roslaunch ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol ur5_demo.launch 
```
the `ur5_demo.launch` launch file will:

> - start coppeliasim simulator with a scene includes a ur5 robot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- start CoppeliaSim itself, with a scene which includes the UR5
```

- start the simulation

> - load ur5 description to param-server by launching the `ur5_upload.launch` file from the `ur_description` pkg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- load UR5 description onto the ROS parameter server by launching the `ur5_upload.launch` file from the `ur_description` pkg
```

> - load the `arm_controller_ur5.yaml` file from the `ur_gazebo` pkg, the arm_controller is a `position_controllers/JointTrajectoryController` ros-controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- load the `arm_controller_ur5.yaml` file from the `ur_gazebo` pkg, the `arm_controller` is a `position_controllers/JointTrajectoryController` `ros_control` controller
```

- launch the `controller_utils.launch` file from the `ur_gazebo` pkg 
- spawn the `arm_controller` using the `controller_manager` pkg 
- launch the `ur5_moveit_planning_execution.launch` file from the `ur5_moveit_config` pkg
- launch the `moveit_rviz.launch`file from the `ur5_moveit_config` pkg

> By launching the `ur5_demo.launch` launch file, you will see two windows: coppeliasim (with a running simulation for ur5 robot) and rviz (with a motionplanning interface configured for ur5 robot), then you can use the motion planning interface in rviz to control the ur5 robot in coppeliasim. you can use also the available msgs/srvs to control the simulation inside coopeliasim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By launching the `ur5_demo.launch` launch file, you will see two windows: CoppeliaSim (with a running simulation of a UR5) and RViz (with a motion planning interface configured for the UR5), then you can use the motion planning interface in RViz to control the UR5 in CoppeliaSim. You can use also the available topics and services to control the simulation inside CoppeliaSim.
```

### Generate your own configuration package

> This package contains configuration/launch/scene files to control ur5 robot in coppeliasiom. If you want to create your own configuration package to control your own robot in coppeliasim, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains configuration/launch/scene files to control a UR5 in CoppeliaSim. If you want to create your own configuration package to control your own robot in CoppeliaSim, follow these steps:
```

> - Create a scene file in coppeliasim for your own robot e.g.`scene.ttt`. if the model of the robot you are using is available in coppeliasim, then you just need to create new scene and drag the model of your robot in the scene. if it is not available, you can use the [urdf_plugin][] to convert your urdf model to a coppeliasim scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a scene file in CoppeliaSim for your own robot (e.g. `scene.ttt`). If the model of the robot you are using is available in CoppeliaSim, then you just need to create a new scene and drag the model of your robot into the scene. If it is not available, you can use the [urdf_plugin][] to convert your urdf model to a CoppeliaSim scene.
```

- Create a `controller.yaml` file to specify which controller you want to use to control your own robot.

> - Create a launch file to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `.launch` file to:
```

>     - start coppeliasim, pass your robot_scene `scene.ttt` as an argument to the coppeliasim node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - start CoppeliaSim, pass your robot_scene `scene.ttt` as an argument to the `coppeliasim` node
```

>     - load your robot_description from your `.xacro` or `.urdf` file to the param server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - load your `robot_description` from your `.xacro` or `.urdf` file to the param server
```

    - load your `controller.yaml` to param server
    - spawn your controller using the `controller_manager` pkg 

> 

Reviewer: Could users wishing to create their own package use `ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol` as a template (ie: by changing a few values in the files)?

If so: we should probably explicitly mention that.

Of course we should also discourage people from just editing `ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol` itself: they should create a new package (perhaps by copying `ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol`).

Author: Using the  `ur5_coppeliasim_roscontrol` package as a general template for another robot completely depends on the robot will be used. I mean if they are using a common robot which already has its own description package, moveit_config package, and a controller yaml file, they can just change some values in this package and use it for their own robot, otherwise, they need to create their own description, moveit_config, control packages

Author: @gavanderhoorn, what do you suggest about this part?
